hi everyone Jane here making a video of
my citrus plants all of the citrus
plants that I have and also update on my
pomegranates so first I want to take you
to this container right here these right
here are key lines they are like the
lines where there are much smaller than
lines these are really cool they're
really really they're growing on me
really good so and then I think there's
some right here they're trying to come
out um there's another one somewhere let
me see this one right there
could see it there's a few small ones
and there's another one right here
sorry so these are key lime and I just
threw out a bunch of them in this
container and you know hoping they'll
grow and they're going which is great
this one right here is my lime and it's
really coming good look how fast this is
compared to that one so you know I might
have to really separate these and put
them in your own containers but um yeah
this one is growing fast and there's new
shoots of leaves right there see right
there and healthy this one right here is
a lemon this is my lemon and it's also
doing really good and it's on container
let me see
see the leaves are really good the
leaves are green and you can tell this
is a fresh leaf because of the color
it's like a little transient not really
transparent but it's very light in color
that's how you can tell you know like
there you go so that's how you can tell
if your tree is doing good if you see
light coloring on the top leaves so you
know those are fresh leaves so this one
right here are my
a I believe oranges I'm not quite sure
about these oranges because as you can
see this is the seed coating and it's a
pretty big seed coating so I think these
are my oranges and they are doing great
look at that I just also threw a few in
here I just had one orange and I threw
the whole of the season from that one
fruit in here and they're going fast on
me and some are still kind of slow at
going but you know there are great and
also you seen from a previous video this
is my calamansi or Kalimantan and it's
also a citrus plant I just love like
just like a scratch-and-sniff sometimes
like every morning would Canal just kind
of you know brush my nail on top and oh
it smells so good and one of the leaf
actually from this plant came off
because it wasn't you know really doing
good but when I took it off and I'm
smelling right now it really wakes you
up I love it it's the next best Mel is
the next best smell after coffee yes
I'll wake you up and right here I'm not
really been kind of worried about this
one this is my grapefruit I have two
more of these and the other two are not
really doing that well either and this
one hasn't really shut out any more
leaves and I think it's more than a
couple months old already and I'm just
happy that the leaves are still green
and you know the the trunks look so
stable and I might just have to aerate
the soil and transplant it
you know try that out but at least is
there at least hey as you can see I've
grown you know great fruit from seeds so
it just hopefully it becomes a natural
tree so I can eat some of the fruits one
day and these are my pomegranate look at
these I have total four of them and this
one has really oh my gosh this one
surprised me this one let me see this
one in these three they're all same age
yeah they're all the same age and these
were doing much for a while but now they
are coming back look that the shooting
you leaves which is great this one is
kind of little dormant still and this
and actually also starting to grow
really good but this one wow I am happy
with this one look at that so that's my
pomegranate and this until it is it's
amazing in look new leaves
I love to see new leaves on my plants
you know they're healthy and thriving
and doing really good but I just want to
show you these my citrus plants and my
pomegranate if you have any questions
let me know thanks for watching bye